A dragon of Pitane in Aeolia (Asia Minor) which was turned to stone by the gods. Fresh
CHIMERA Fresh
GIGANTOMACHIAN DRACON Fresh
ISMENIAN DRACON Fresh
In myth the beast usually guarded a sacred spring, grove or golden treasure. Our own word Fresh
It was slain by the hero Menestratus, Fresh
NEMEAN DRACON Fresh
PITANIAN DRACON Fresh
TO Fresh
They were yoked to draw the chariot of the witch Medea. Fresh
although its basic posture and shape echoes the form of its classical predecessor. Fresh
dragon" derives from the creature's name. Fresh
either considered to be large serpents, or they at least part of Fresh
however, was depicted as an entirely reptilian creature, Fresh
that definition! Many of the creatures that existed in Greek mythology were Fresh
the world spreading knowledge of agriculture. Fresh
who cauterized its neck stumps with a flaming torch. Fresh
who threw himself into the creatures maw wrapped in spiked armour. Fresh
"drakein" and "derkomai" meaning "to see clearly" or "gaze sharply." It was essentially just a giant Not to bad
A dragon which guarded the sacred grove of the goddess Artemis in Mysia. Not to bad
A dragon which plagued the Boeotian town of Thespaie. Not to bad
A monstrous dragon which terrorized the kingdom of Lydia. It was slain by the giant Damasen. Not to bad
DEMETER'S DRACONES A pair of winged dragons which drew the chariot of goddess Demeter. Not to bad
Dragons Not to bad
EVOLUTIONS Not to bad
HYDRA A nine headed water-dragon which guarded the springs of Lerna. Not to bad
It mated with the maiden Halia, producing a son named Ophiogeneis, Not to bad
It possessed the power of regeneration, producing two new heads for each Not to bad
MEDEA'S DRACONES Two flying dragons born from the blood of the vanquished Titans. Not to bad
Medieval artists used the Greco-Roman image of Bellerophon and Not to bad
Queen Omphale. Not to bad
Saint George and the Dragon. The dragon of St George, Not to bad
She gave them to the hero Triptolemos to carry him across Not to bad
THESPIAN DRACON Not to bad
The first type of Greek dragon was the Dracon whose name was derived from the Greek words Not to bad
They were destroyed by the hero Phorbas. Not to bad
ancestor of the Ophiogenes tribe. Not to bad
fled to Eleusis where it became an attendant of the goddess Demeter. Not to bad
in Greek mythology, they certainly do meet Not to bad
meet the definitio of what a dragon is Not to bad
necessarily called Not to bad
s a look at the creatures in Greek mythology that seem to Not to bad
serpent which was sometimes equipped with rows of sharp teeth, deadly poison or multiple heads. Not to bad
that was decapitated. The creature was eventually destroyed by Heracles Not to bad
the Chimaera as the template for representations of Not to bad
A dragon which ravaged the kingdom of Lydia. It was slain by Heracles when he was in the service of Rotten
A dragon which terrorized the island of Salamis. It driven out by the hero Cychreus and Rotten
A hundred-headed dragon which guarded the golden apples of the Hesperides. Rotten
A monstrous dragon which was set by Gaea to guard the oracle of Delphi. Rotten
A pair of dragons sent by the god Poseidon Rotten
An unsleeping dragon which guarded the Golden Fleece in the sacred grove of Ares at Colchis. Rotten
CYCHREIDES Rotten
DRACONES Rotten
DRAGON Rotten
Dictionary defines a dragon as a, huge serpent, and although these creaturs werent Rotten
Dragons of Medea Rotten
Ethiopian Rotten
GEORGES Rotten
Giant serpents and dragons which ravaged the island of Rhodes. Rotten
HESPERIAN DRACON Rotten
It is important to understand that not all of Rotten
It was destroyed by the god Apollo when he seized the shrine. Rotten
It was destroyed by the warriors of the Seven Against Thebes after devouring the infant Opheltes, Rotten
It was slain by Heracles when he came to fetch the treasure as one of his Twelve Labors. Rotten
It was slain by the hero Cadmus who sowed its teeth in the earth to reap a crop of earth-born Rotten
MAEONIAN DRACON Rotten
MYTHICAL Rotten
OPHIOGENEAN DRACON Rotten
RHODIAN DRACONES Rotten
Saint George and the Dragon, Medieval painting C14th. Rotten
Sea-Monster Rotten
She caught it up and threw it into the sky where it formed the constellation Draco. Rotten
The Greek Chimaera was a rather un-dragonlike hybrid of lion, Rotten
The creature was bewitched by Medea so that the hero Jason could steal its treasure. Rotten
goat and serpent. Like later dragons it was described as breathing fire. Rotten
son of a local king. Rotten
the traditional sense. However, they all meet the definition. Here Rotten
these creatures may not be looked at as dagons in Rotten
these creatures were also referred to as drakons. Rotten
to destroy Laocoon of Troy and his sons when he attempted Rotten
to warn his people of the threat posed by the Wooden Horse Rotten
warriors. Rotten
A dragon which guarded the sacred spring of Ares near Thebes. Unknown
A dragon which was cast at the goddess Athena during the Giant War. Unknown
A giant dragon or serpent which guarded the sacred groves of Zeus at Nemea. Unknown
Bellerophon and the Chimaera, Roman mosaic from Palmyra C3rd A.D. Unknown
COLCHIAN DRACON (Drakon Kholkikos) Unknown
PYTHON Unknown
SAINT Unknown
TROJAN DRACONES Unknown
them contained serpent-like features. In Greek mythology, Unknown
