China, Japan, and Ghana, she's saved at the last minute by a guy with an axe, Fresh
Little Red Riding-Hood, I should have known perfect bliss." Fresh
No wonder "Beauty and the Beast," originally a French story, is the second most frequently visited Fresh
Red gets gobbled up by the wolf. The End. In other tellings, across Europe, North America, Fresh
So far Beauty and the Beast has rung the company's cash register as a cartoon, Fresh
Though the story was probably intended as a warning for children to follow directions,the rebellious Fresh
called her his "first love," Fresh
version La Belle et la Bête, but the Disney version is certainly the most prevalent (and lucrative). Fresh
Beast. When she falls in love with the Beast despite his outward appearance, he's transformed into a Not to bad
Beauty and the Beast Not to bad
Did you know that you can even Not to bad
Fairy Tale Story #3 Little Red Riding Hood Not to bad
French director Jean Cocteau's surreal 1945 film Not to bad
In this fairy tale for kids, Not to bad
Naturally, bold, independent Red has continued to attract fans: Not to bad
No plot could be more romantic than this one: A kind and virtuous Beauty offers herself as a hostage Not to bad
Of all the many retellings, our favorite is probably Not to bad
Red sets off alone to visit her grandmother with instructions not to step off the forest path Not to bad
The 19th-century English novelist Charles Dickens Not to bad
Who among us has not felt unworthy Not to bad
buy Disney wedding gowns? Not to bad
of a lover yet longed to have our inner value recognized? Not to bad
on what you read. In the 17th-century French version recorded by Charles Perrault, Not to bad
or the wolf chokes on her hood, or he eats both Grandma and Red Not to bad
to free her father from the castle of a fearsome Not to bad
with Anne Hathaway voicing a wonderfully sassy, Not to bad
Disney's Enchanted Rose Jewelry Box, princess-pink sheet sets from Target emblazoned Rotten
Fairy Tale Story #2:  Rotten
Fairy tale books like this one always make great movies and shows. Rotten
Of the many recent retellings on page and screen, Rotten
Who has not dreamed of romantic love with the power to redeem and transform? Rotten
advice she promptly disregards, attracting the attention of a talking Rotten
attitudinal Red. Rotten
but is forced to vomit Rotten
character of Little Red Riding Hood is the most modern of the fairy tale heroines we've met so far. Rotten
handsome Prince. Rotten
invitations from an Etsy store called Shimmering Ceremony. Rotten
our favorite is the animated film Hoodwinked! Rotten
saying of his childhood, "I felt if I could have married Rotten
them up unharmed. Rotten
with the motto "Beauty is Found Within," and ornately cut gold foil B&B-inspired wedding Rotten
wolf who sets out to eat and impersonate Grandma. What happens next depends Rotten
It's also spawned innumerable related merchandise items such as Unknown
a Broadway musical, a soundtrack album, and, most recently, a live-action film with Emma Watson. Unknown
fairy tales for kids on Sur La Lune Fairy Tales. Unknown
